- Previously on The X-Files...
- It's all part of a conspiracy
dating back to the UFO crash
at Roswell in 1947.
The aliens brought, not only technology.
They brought the seeds
of our destruction.
Civilization is in its final stages.
I have seen it.
- Scully?
- Aah.
I know how it begins.
Tell me what you saw.
A plague will be released.
And then it starts a pandemic.
The Smoking Man is behind it.
You can't stop what's already begun.
You've always had your enemies.
My enemies are legion.
This is no ordinary contagion.
This is an alien pathogen.
He wants to exterminate humanity.
What's your budding enterprise?
The colonization of space.
Transport all humanity off planet?
- Only a chosen few.
- Kill him.
You're his son.
He won't be expecting you.
Then why kill Mulder?
Mulder would kill me.
Scully will never take your offer.
You have to stop the Smoking Man.
He can't act without William.
Who's the father?
William is my son.
Mulder, William is the key.
My name is Jackson Van de Kamp.
That's what my parents called me
when they adopted me 17 years ago.
My original name was William,
I've come to learn.
That's what my birth mother called me.
Dana Scully.
I have never really met her properly,
but I can feel her in these...
Aah!
Is this a message for me?
...violent episodes
in which I can feel us
connected to the future in ways
that I'm just beginning to understand.
Or am I sending a message to you?
I don't know my role in the future,
but I'm beginning
to understand that as well.
I-I have visions of it.
It's a world of confusion
and pain and loneliness
that I can't escape, nor can I prevent,
but I want no part in
the suffering that it brings.
I've known happiness.
I had a happy childhood.
Until I grew older, I had
a life where I could dream
of anything that I ever wanted to be,
but even then I knew
that I had... powers.
Special powers.
When I turned 11, my powers grew.
I got in a fight with Jerry Marriott.
He was this bully who used
to pick on the smaller kids
who couldn't defend themselves.
Whoa.
So I sent him to the hospital.
I had to change schools many times.
The kids...
would catch on that I was different.
And then I, uh, just kind of
became a criminal.
So I was sent away
to a school for bad kids.
It devastated my parents,
but I just couldn't help myself.
Yeah, I guess that's why
I've been lashing out.
I talked to psychologists, and
I would just make up stories
and tell them what they want to hear.
I'm so scared that I'm gonna,
I'm gonna find out one day
that I'm my father, all of a sudden.
But then this man came from
the government to talk to me
and I could tell something was up,
so I decided to just cool it.
Then I had to come home, but
every day there was this car
on the street with these guys
in it, watching our house.
And I was smart.
I-I didn't make any mistakes
until I decided to play a
stupid joke on these two girls.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My whole world came crashing down.
My parents were killed
by those men on the street.
Oh, no.
And they're hunting me now.
They found me.
I'm afraid they'll kill me, too...
if they catch me.
- What I need most right now is answers.
- Jackson?
About who I am, about
how I can get my life back.
You seem like a nice person.
I want to ask my real mother
these questions,
but I know that the truth
can only come from my father,
a man I've only seen in my visions...
but who I know I already hate.
But I need you to know, Fox,
when I gave you life,
I never fathomed a moment
when I would need to end it.
I don't think you can do it.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Hi. I'm an agent with the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.
You have a guest here,
a young man in his late teens.
Checked in this evening.
Paid me in hundreds.
Is the boy a criminal?
No. He's not.
The boy is my son.
Have you seen the Internet?
Seen this load of B.S. Mulder's spewing?
I haven't seen it. What is it?
Well, he's gone off about a conspiracy
on this Tad O'Malley show,
about a conspiracy to wipe out humanity.
"Death will hunt you down."
That's a quote from Mulder.
A quote from a federal agent,
Mr. Skinner.
I can't speak for Agent Mulder.
You're his superior, for God's sakes.
You're supposed to be in charge.
I am in charge.
I'll see if I can find
Agent Scully and...
You find her and you shut her down.
I'm closing the X-Files.
I want Mulder and Scully's badges.
...a motel manager
reporting a military-style incursion.
What if it's not just fake news?
I don't care if it is true.
That's someone else's problem.
We're not gonna see panic in the streets.
Skinner.
I promised you
a global contagion, Mr. Skinner.
I'm about to deliver on that promise.
All I asked of you was to find the boy.
So if I find him, will it stop?
Just find me the boy, Mr. Skinner.
Sir, I've left you three messages.
Why aren't you answering?
Because I've been getting my ass chewed.
Well, it's Mulder.
- He needs your help.
- Oh, he needs
a hell of a lot more than that,
Agent Scully.
Where is he?
He's with our son.
They're being pursued.
He needs your help. I need your help.
I've been told to shut you down.
- What are you talking about?
- You're asking for my help
when I've been asked to take your badges.
Who said that? Kersh?
- Is he in there?
- Dana...
He doesn't understand
what's happening right now.
Mulder has lit a fuse
that you can't put out.
He's made outrageous public
statements on an Internet site.
That wasn't him.
That was me.
And they're not outrageous.
Where are they?
I can't help you, Agent Scully,
if I don't know what's going on.
I'll put you on speaker phone.
Who's on the phone?
This is Monica Reyes.
I think they've got your son, William.
Just tell me where he is, Monica.
Tennessee. Being transported
by a private jet.
Tail number N-G-D-J-G,
landing in Maryland in two hours.
Which airport in Maryland?
Braddock ATCA, southeast terminal.
This may be your last good chance.
When you say "last good chance,"
what exactly do you mean?
The person who controls your son
is the person who controls the future.
He's not on that plane, Mulder.
You have any reason to distrust her?
Is there word on the boy?
Nothing. Nothing to report.
I don't know how I know, I just know
that he's not on that plane.
But what if he is on the plane?
What-what if this is
our last good chance?
Just come back alive.
Come on.
Damn it.
Stop there!
Face away.
Hands behind your head.
Behind your head!
And here I thought you were a liar.
Your secret space program.
You should really do a better
job of protecting your ass.
How the hell did you get in here?
You can't keep this a secret for long.
I'm unarmed, if you wouldn't mind.
I'm only here about my boy.
Well, we couldn't catch him.
And I mean that quite literally,
Mr. Mulder.
Why does everybody want my son?
You still don't understand, do you?
Your son has what everybody wants,
what people would kill to have.
Cut him off!
Move! Move!
Go, go, go!
Hey, jumping over!
Mulder, you haven't been
answering your phone.
I had some payback to pay back.
But you were right, Scully,
he wasn't on that plane.
Look, I found something on the web.
I think it's how they found him.
There was a lotto cluster
in Northeastern Tennessee.
Eight recent winners
in a ten-mile radius.
Where was the last winner?
Hi. You had a winning lottery
ticket sold here last week?
Don't talk to me about that.
I was about to take on the next register
when the kid bought the ticket.
So you saw the kid who bought it?
He told Dierdre the winning numbers,
like he's got inside information,
hands her the ticket back and
says he'll split it with her.
He did, too.
So he came back. When was that?
This morning. Dierdre took
the money and quit on the spot,
which is why I'm cleaning
toilets right now.
Right. You have,
you have security cameras?
Oh, my God. You're not gonna take back
all that money now, are you?
I'm just looking for the boy.
- William!
- You can't help me.
The person who controls your son...
Nobody can help me.
I promise global contagion.
...the person who controls the future.
I need the boy.
It was him, wasn't it?
Yeah, I'm looking at him.
He cashed in and hitched a ride
with a trucker.
I'm about two hours behind him.
I got a sense of the general
direction that he's headed.
They're heading northeast.
That's exactly what I'm thinking, Scully.
We need to find
him before they do.
Everything depends on it.
Every last thing in the world.
Oh, I'm gonna find him.
I am tired of looking at him on video.
A young fellow like you needs
to be careful
who to trust on the road.
I can take care of myself okay.
Been trucking for 40 years, seen it all.
Driving can drive you mad.
Filling the time thinking about trouble.
What kind of trouble do you mean?
What kind of trouble you looking for?
- Hello?
- It's Dana Scully.
Uh, I am just about to go on here, so...
I want you to listen to me.
- Can I call you right back?
- You're looking for
a conspiracy, Mr. O'Malley? Here it is.
You know why nobody's gonna mess with me?
Hmm?
'Cause I have superpowers.
Right.
Like one of them, uh, X-Men.
There's going to be a contagion.
A virus is going to be unleashed.
People's immune systems
will be decimated.
Did-did you say unleashed?
Where are you getting this information?
A man-made contagion...
...from an alien pathogen.
How the hell did you do that?
Same way I do this.
You realize how crazy this sounds?
Death in the streets, Mr. O'Malley.
Um, are you prepared to go on air?
C-Can I say that you're my source?
A federal agent is your source.
Will Agent Mulder go on record?
Agent Mulder's our only hope.
Karen!
You search for truth.
I've seen the future.
This is the truth that kills you.
- William!
Mulder.
- Mulder?
- I lost him.
He scared the truck driver.
You don't want to know.
- Mulder,
- He-he got out.
I've seen it. You're in grave danger.
No, I'm-I'm too close now.
I'm... I-I think I know where he's going.
- You're not listening to me.
I've seen how it ends, Mulder.
I think he probably hitched another ride.
I-I'm not that far behind him.
Mulder!
I got to go.
Hey. Thanks for stopping.
No trouble at all. Long way from nowhere.
Where you headed?
Uh, Norfolk.
I'm passing right by there. Get in.
Yeah, I bet you went to see her first.
Look, I just have to talk to you, Sarah.
How come you didn't call her?
Hi, Maddy.
You're up past your bedtime.
Look, I had to ditch my phone...
Like we believe that.
Look, I can explain everything.
Please, it's cold, I...
Hey, my parents
are coming home soon, so...
You remember me, Brianna?
Yeah. I think I know why you're here.
Has he been here?
Look, we broke up.
- Has he called?
- We don't talk anymore.
I need you to be honest with me.
Who's at the door, Brianna?
Um...
I really have to go, sir.
He's been here, hasn't he?
He's in big trouble.
I need to know where he is.
Well, you're asking the wrong girl.
I can't believe you, Sarah.
I can't live like this.
What are you talking about?
If this is gonna be my life, I-I...
I don't, I don't want to live.
You can't talk like that, Jackson.
What?
Jacks... I haven't even heard
the name "Jackson" in months.
You have no idea what I've been through.
Maybe you, maybe you need to
go to the police.
I can't go... the police
killed my parents.
A-Are you sure they're the ones
who killed your parents?
Yeah, 'cause I'm some kind of freak.
Stop it.
You are not...
- a freak.
- Yes, I am.
- No.
- Okay, yeah,
you've seen what I can do, Sarah.
And they want me for that, all right?
They want to catch me,
they want to put me in a cage,
they want to poke me and prod me
and keep me in a laboratory
my entire life.
What are you gonna do?
I could die.
I could jump off a bridge, or...
What can I say to stop you?
Say you'll come with me.
I can't do this alone.
Please, I'm so sick of being alone.
That's my parents.
Please, I-I can't...
- I can't talk now.
- I-I have money.
I have a... look, I have...
look, I have so much money.
- Okay.
- We can go anywhere.
I can meet you somewhere.
Mm-hmm?
Meet me at that-that motel.
The Timberland?
I will.
Just go.
Okay? Out the back.
- You promise?
- I promise.
Now... okay, don't do anything stupid
before I get there, okay?
Okay?
Sarah, I need to know where he is.
I-I don't, I don't know what you mean.
He's on the run. I can help him.
Why should I believe
you're telling the truth
if he doesn't even believe it?
Because I'm his father.
That's why.
I don't believe you're his father.
U-Uh, I'm trying to sleep.
What do you want?
My name is Mulder.
I'm your father.
I know it must seem strange to you,
but I've been looking for you forever.
Okay, so how'd you find me now?
It doesn't matter.
I'm here.
Ah.
You're taller than me.
I held you when you were a baby.
Okay, maybe you did,
but I don't remember that.
You're angry.
And I understand.
I don't think you do understand.
- There's a lot I have to explain.
- Look, it's not
safe for you here, okay? You should go.
If you trust me, I'll protect you.
I know you know who I am.
You hid from me. And from your mother.
Yeah, 'cause I'm a danger to people.
Well, I can help with that.
You can't help me.
All right? Nobody can help me.
Okay? These people, they're
never gonna stop coming for me.
I've seen the future, all right?
I have visions.
I-I know what happens if they catch me.
All the people who are gonna die.
Your mother has those same visions.
Then why don't you see them?
Look, I don't want to live in that world.
And, I don't know, maybe I can stop it.
- If I didn't exist...
- It's not your fault, William.
- Yes, it is.
- Then let me help you stop it.
You can't. All right?
'Cause you die, too.
We still want the boy alive.
No one has to die here, William.
Especially not you. You have to live.
Look, I know that you think that
you're helping me right now,
but you're not helping me, okay?
You're just helping them.
You're just helping them find me.
And...
Okay, it's too late.
Listen, you got to go.
- No, I'm not leaving you.
- You got to...
- You get back there, and you get down.
- Get out the back.
- Get down.
- No... stay away from the door!
- Move!
- Get down.
Let me see your hands.
William!
The hell's going on here?
I can't help you, Agent Scully,
if I don't know what's going on.
Mulder?
You can't believe what just happened.
- Pat, are you seeing this?
- I lost him, Scully.
He's gone.
Just tell me where you are.
I'm still in Norfolk.
Mulder, I'm coming down there.
He won't listen to reason.
He'll listen to me.
I know he will.
I got to go.
I'm supposed to rein you in.
This isn't about the FBI, sir.
This is about our son.
I'll drive.
We have been working
around the clock here
to bring you breaking news
of a global contagion,
Death Will Hunt You Down.
That's its name, says our FBI source,
as his superiors
label it fake news. Shocker.
Now, follow me here, folks.
We have eyewitnesses
at a motel in Norfolk, Virginia,
and a motel manager reporting
a military-style incursion.
Federal agent. I want to talk to you.
Four individuals in
a military vehicle assaulting
a motel room occupied by a teenager.
Now, that is our FBI source on camera
after he witnessed the execution
of military personnel
in a bloodbath so insane,
it can only point to
a conspiracy the likes of which
the world has never seen.
Just let me talk to Sarah.
I said she can't talk now.
He's not answering.
Well, apparently, he's making news again.
Kersh is blowing up my phone.
Why are you violating
his direct orders, sir?
Right now, we need to find your son.
But why would you risk your whole career?
I think I've been
pretty clear about that.
Who were you on the phone with
outside of Kersh's office?
Who was that?
There's something you need to know.
Something you may not want to hear.
It's about your son.
And who his father is.
I need to know where William would go.
Where-where he might go to feel safe.
I'd probably say the harbor.
Okay, where-where at the harbor?
We'd all go down by the docks.
Do you have a-an address
for a street, or a landmark?
I-I don't know. Uh...
Probably the old sugar factory.
Hearing this about William
must come as a shock.
I didn't want to tell you.
I wanted you...
That was Mulder.
All right, hold on.
Mulder?
Don't run.
William!
It's me.
I just saw him.
No!
Go!
- That's Skinner.
- Wait.
- He's here.
- I know. I just saw him.
Yeah, he doesn't want to be found.
- I just want to talk to him, Mulder.
- I talked to him.
He told me everything...
what he's afraid of.
- I know what he's afraid of.
- Stop. It's no use.
What do you mean?
I'm asking you to let him go.
What are you talking about, Mulder?
- There's nothing we can do.
- We can protect him.
No, we can't protect him. No one can.
He knows that you love him.
How can he know that?
How can he possibly know that?
Scully!
Stop him!
William.
- William!
William!
- He's in the next building.
- Go!
You really don't give up, do you?
But then you have so much to lose.
It's what we have in common.
We have nothing in common.
I need the boy.
The boy is mine.
The boy would rather die first,
now that he knows the truth.
That I'm the one who made him?
That I'm William's creator?
You'd shoot your own firstborn son?
Shot my second-born son once.
But I need you to know, Fox,
when I gave you life,
I never fathomed the moment would come
when I would need to end it.
I don't think you can do it.
Then you don't know me very well.
Hey!
He's gone.
He's gone, Scully.
He shot him.
And he shot me.
Mulder...
He...
He wanted us to let him go.
He wasn't meant to be.
William was our son.
No.
Scully, he was our son!
William was an experiment, Mulder.
- What are you talking about?
- Mulder...
He was an idea.
Born in a laboratory.
But you were his mother.
No, I...
I carried him.
And I bore him.
But I was never a mother to him.
I wasn't.
William... William was...
For so long,
I believed.
What am I now if I'm not a father?
You are a father.
What are you talking about?
- That's impossible.
- I know.
I know it is.
It's more than impossible.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org